resource_control: add processed_keys and ru to runaway (#18858)
pingcap/docs: tidb-resource-control.md

#### `QUERY_LIMIT` parameters

If a query exceeds any of the following limits, it is identified as a runaway query:

- `EXEC_ELAPSED`: checks whether the query execution time exceeds the limit.
- `PROCESSED_KEYS`: checks whether the number of keys processed by the Coprocessor exceeds the limit.

> - `REQUEST_UNIT`: checks whether the total number of read and write RUs consumed by the statement exceeds the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `RU`: checks whether the total number of read and write RUs consumed by the statement exceeds the limit.
```

| Parameter          | Description            | Note                                  |
|---------------|--------------|--------------------------------------|
| `EXEC_ELAPSED`  | When the query execution time exceeds this value, it is identified as a runaway query | EXEC_ELAPSED =`60s` means the query is identified as a runaway query if it takes more than 60 seconds to execute. |
| `PROCESSED_KEYS` | When the number of keys processed by the Coprocessor exceeds this value, the query is identified as a runaway query | `PROCESSED_KEYS = 1000` means the query is identified as a runaway query if the number of keys processed by the Coprocessor exceeds 1000. |

> | `REQUEST_UNIT`  | When the total number of read and write RUs consumed by the query exceeds this value, this query is identified as a runaway query | `REQUEST_UNIT = 1000` means the query is identified as a runaway query if the total number of read and write RUs consumed by the query exceeds 1000. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RU`  | When the total number of read and write RUs consumed by the query exceeds this value, this query is identified as a runaway query | `RU = 1000` means the query is identified as a runaway query if the total number of read and write RUs consumed by the query exceeds 1000. |
```
